Deprecate `prepare_data_per_node` flag on Trainer and set it as a property for DataHooks (#8958)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- `Trainer.request_dataloader` now takes a `RunningStage` enum instance ([#8858](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8858))

> - Deprecate `prepare_data_per_node` flag on Trainer and set it as a property for DataHooks [#8958](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8958)
> 

Reviewer: this should go in the deprecated section below
```suggestion
- Deprecated `prepare_data_per_node` flag on Trainer and set it as a property of DataHooks, accessible in the LightningModule and LightningDataModule [#8958](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8958)

```

> ### Deprecated

Reviewer: needs to be part of the deprecated section

- Fixed truncated backprop through time enablement when set as a property on the LightningModule and not the Trainer ([#8804](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8804/))

- Fixed avoid wrapping LightningModule with data-parallel when not fitting in `DDPPlugin`, `DDPSpawnPlugin`, `DDPShardedPlugin`, `DDPSpawnShardedPlugin` ([#6977]https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/6977).

> 

Reviewer: i think these changes were meant for another PR?

Author: yeah. the first iteration of the PR somehow mixed with another [PR](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8632). I've rebased and moved unrelated commits out.
